Travelin' by night,
keepin' watch by day...
it's really takin' its toll.
Keep saying we're gonna
find the right place.
Maybe I'm just holding on
to an idea that isn't out there.
Logan's guys.
They found us.
Someone out there
needs our help.
If this is what it takes,
then this is what it takes.
We got gas.
As much as we need after
a run to the oil fields.
We're almost outta gas.
No, we're not.
Hello?
Is someone there?
I'm at a truck stop off 83.
There was a Big Spot
near the turn off.
Does anyone copy?
Loud and clear there,
friend.
You by
mile marker 65?
How... How did you
know that?
'Cause I'm the one
who set that place up.
Name's Logan.
To whom
do I have the pleasure?
Serena.
Okay, Serena.
How can I help?
They were
following me...
I saw this place
and came inside.
Serena,
don't you worry.
My partner's
on that route right now.
Desert Fox
to Polar Bear.
We've got
an S.O.S. off 65.
What's your twenty?
Clayton,
do you copy?
Jesus, you decide
to sleep in this morning?
Hello?
Please!
I'm coming out there
to get you myself, Serena.
Just sit tight,
lock the doors.
- I'm on my way.
- Hurry.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
They're at
the back door, too.
Hang on, Serena.
Just hang on.
I'm getting closer.
I'm going as fast as I can
on this rig.
Keep talking to me.
I don't know what's wrong,
but they're close.
Just keep talking.
I can't hold them off!
Did you
barricade the door?
There's too many.
It's not
going to hold!
Shit.
Clayton. Clayton!
What's your twenty?
We got an S.O.S.
at the Feedbag.
Where are you?!
Almost there!
Stay with me,
Serena!
Logan, I can't...
I can't!
No! Oh, no!
Serena?!
Are you the man who was
trying to help that woman?
Our condolences.
A-And you are?
Virginia.
Folks call me Ginny.
W-What do you want?
To help.
We've been
watching you.
Listenin'.
We want
the same thing you do,
only bigger
and better.
Together, we can get
from yesterday to tomorrow.
I'm listening.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org
Which one?
That one.
Don't worry.
They won't eat you.
Hey.
Dom says we're runnin'
3,000 gallons ahead of schedule.
Mm-hmm.
We can do better.
Luciana,
we have no place to store it.
Sarah's due back
with the tanker tomorrow.
Well, I hope so.
'Cause my tour of duty here
at tank town
is going a little longer than expected.
It's not that bad.
Every morning I wake up,
my pillow look like
the shroud of Turin.
Well, I like
what we're doing here.
I don't mind
getting my hands dirty.
It's not my hands
I'm worried about.
It's everything else.
I think she heard us
talking about her.
Sarah,
is that you?
That's not her rig.
Get in the shed.
Now. Go.
Might wanna rub the smoke
from your eyes, Chief.
I ain't your sister.
She's a lovely piece
of asphalt queen.
I'm just a charming,
lanky asshole.
What are you
doing here?
You really
have to ask?
Dom?
Pete?
Barely recognize you
under all that grime.
So, this is where Clayton
stashed you boys away, huh?
Don't take another step.
I doubt you want us
firing weapons in here.
So if I were you,
I'd stop giving orders
and start waiting for them.
What exactly do you think
you're gonna do here?
Like the boxes say,
"Take what you need,
leave what you don't."
Well...
we need
all of this.
Is it
too much Phoenix?
Magritte had his clouds,
you have your birds.
Hey.
Did you leave this on?
Almost out of gas.
We won't be able
to charge it.
I reached out to him.
He might be listening.
- He might respond.
- Yeah, from the guy who brought us
the highly reductive "people are people"?
I wouldn't hold my breath.
We can't
give up on him.
Wes didn't want our help before.
Why would he possibly
want it now?
Is anyb...
Anybody there?
We hear you.
Where are you?
Truck stop...
...ile... arker 65...
I've locked myself inside...
John, June?
Do you copy?
Yeah,
we're here, Alicia.
Just got off with someone
at one of Polar Bear's stops.
Think they need help.
What's your twenty?
We're on our way
to the oil fields.
We think Logan
might have found them.
What? How?
We've got it covered.
Don't worry.
We sent Charlie and Jacob
back to the convoy.
But no one's heard
from Grace and Daniel,
and we can't raise
Morgan and Al.
Yeah, they're out of range.
We can't reach them, either.
Help that person
in the truck stop.
We got this.
How do we know Logan's
not trying to draw us away?
He's done it before.
What's the point
in having gas
if we can't use it
to help people?
Come on.
First time
I've seen them put to good use.
- This your idea, boys?
- It was Clayton's.
These were bad gents.
He wanted to see 'em
do some good.
No instructions,
Logan.
Just these.
How the hell you find us
without those?
Well...
I watched
your little movie.
Least the stuff
that ended up on the
cutting-room floor, anyway.
Should've been
more careful
where you pointed that camera
when these were out.
You wanted the journals.
Maybe you'll actually remember
what you used to believe.
I do remember.
Doesn't mean he was right
about any of it.
No! Stop!
Sit... down.
Smart girl.
Polar Bear's ideas,
what you're doing,
it's not really
making a difference.
It's just prolonging
the inevitable.
Survival of
the fittest.
Adaption, evolution.
Why are you doing this?
I already told Morgan...
I am helping people.
Just not in a way
you're gonna want
to get on board with.
You want
to try us first?
Nah.
You wouldn't have
the stomach for it.
Now, you gonna show us
how to make the gas or what?
No.
Didn't think so.
Okay.
What's your ETA?
We need you
to start cooking.
Not as optimistic
as before.
Why?
What's going on?
We hit
a roadblock.
Well,
un-block it, now.
We're about
to start a new batch.
We don't have time
to find a new route.
Let's get these
off the road.
No, no, no!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Whoa.
Some fellas
will do anything
to avoid
askin' for directions.
Lucky for you,
we know the way.
Logan's already made it
to the oil fields.
You'll never get inside.
We will
if we show up in your truck.
You said I shoulda killed you
when I had the chance.
I'm glad I didn't,
'cause we wouldn't have
a way in.
I ain't helping you.
- -I've done a lot of
bad shit I got to live with,
but the one thing
I can't abide with
is that I killed Polar Bear
for nothin'.
You?
You I can live with.
Let's go.
What's the matter?
It's too windy.
We should be
putting it out.
If we get it
too hot,
we won't be able
to separate the oil anyway.
Maybe not.
Someone's come to assist
with the cook.
You don't seem happy
to see me, Logie.
Not who
you were expecting?
Where is he?
We had
a little chat.
He decided
today was the perfect day
to stop being
an asshole.
You're gonna have to do it
for us, then.
Consider that
a friendly warning,
in case anybody's got
an itchy trigger finger.
So let's just walk away
and go our separate ways.
Our people want
no part of this shitshow.
Problem there is,
the show must go on.
And you just walked
right on stage.
Glad you had
your fun,
but we both know
how this ends.
Do we?
Don't worry.
They had the chance
to kill me.
They didn't take it.
None of that's
about to change now.
You may be a good shot,
but this is one
you're not gonna take.
Not unless you have to.
You're bluffing.
When you're right,
you're right.
We ain't here
to make our iron bark.
And I ain't here
to take over the oil fields,
either.
I'm hoping you'll listen
to some reason.
Stop what
you're doing now,
or you might get to the point
where you can't undo it.
What I did
to Clayton...
got him killed.
That's something
I gotta live with.
Something I regret
every day.
Moment I saw him
in my rearview...
moment I could've stopped,
done the right thing...
moment I didn't
do jack.
She's right, man.
You don't want want to live
with this on your conscience.
You know what?
You want me
to be reasonable?
I'll be reasonable.
The kids can go.
If you two
get to work.
That's a reasonable trade,
don't you think?
They're gonna need a car
and some gas.
We can spare
a few gallons.
- We're not leaving!
- We can help.
You're leaving.
Convoy's at
the rendezvous.
Remember where that is?
Yeah.
Good. Skedaddle.
What about the rats?
We'll take care
of them.
Just be safe.
Go.
They're starting
to build up outside.
We're coming.
I just need you
to stay calm, okay?
What's your name?
It isn't safe
for me to say.
You're gonna be okay.
We're coming to help.
Are you really?
- Really what?
- Coming to help?
What's wrong?
The inevitable.
We're on our way. Just do
what you gotta do to stay safe.
Morgan, Al?
If anybody's listening,
we could really use
your help out here.
This is getting
out of hand.
The fire's too big.
If the smoke doesn't draw them,
the flames will.
Then you shouldn't have sent
my cook packing.
Get back to work.
Why all the hustle?
Won't make it
any safer.
Yeah. Where's the fire?
Aside from the obvious.
I don't waste time.
One more thing
you could all stand to learn.
How about you lay
some real truth on us?
Who the hell
is this gas for?
No need to concern yourself
with details.
The point is,
they are gonna help.
It's just not gonna be
one person at a time,
'cause that kind of
mom-and-pop crap
just makes people think
they have a chance.
I'm sorry
you think that way.
Don't be.
I have you
to thank for it.
What's that
supposed to mean?
While back,
I got a call.
Someone who needed help.
She was on Clayton's route,
and, uh...
he wasn't answering,
so I went out there myself.
And, uh...
I didn't get there
in time.
And I had to listen to her
get torn apart.
Nothing I could do.
All because
Clayton wasn't there.
you stole his rig.
I'm doing what I'm doing
because of you.
So you really
want to help?
You really want
to make a difference?
Close!
We're close!
Walk away!
'Cause you've already
done your part, sweetheart.
And nothin' you
or any of you people do
is gonna
make up for that.
Hope we're not interrupting,
but you guys have to
get out of there... now.
We've gotta
kill the fire!
I can't.
It's burning too hot.
There's more
on the ridge.
We'll put them down.
Oh!
We need our weapons!
I'm drawing
more than I'm putting down.
Guys, we can't
take them out.
You have to
clear out of there.
I need help
with the pump!
Logan,
we got a problem!
We also have
a contract.
Someone deal with
the dead!
Hey!
We need our guns!
Dwight,
we need to boogie, man!
No, we need the gas
to do what we're doing.
We need to be alive
to do what we're doing!
He's right.
The tanker.
Right?
The tanker
will hold us over?
On it.
Help me.
Come on.
Don't you get it?!
We need to bail!
No one is bailing!
Now help me get this thing down
before the...
Don't just stand there!
Kill it!
Screw this!
Where the hell
you think you're going?!
Let's go!
Not on it.
Shit.
Wait.
What's going on?
I can't do it.
I can't leave him.
You heard
what the man said.
Walk away.
He doesn't want our help.
If I'm not back
in two minutes,
get in the truck,
drive.
Sarah...
Don't talk me
out of it, Wen.
This is what
I shoulda done back then.
It's what
we both shoulda done.
Are you there?
Do you copy?
The doors, I'm not sure
how much longer they'll hold.
And my walkie,
it's dying.
It's okay.
You're at a truck stop.
Look for a C.B.
It's gonna be connected
to a generator.
Turn it on.
Broadcast
where you are.
Do you copy?
You... You shoulda
left me out there.
You're a real shit-ass
with thank-yous.
I just
saved your keister.
You just prolonged
the inevitable.
If the smoke doesn't get us,
the dead will.
You may have tried
to help other people...
but no one's
coming to help us.
Maybe you're right.
Why don't you
go back out there?
Is anybody there?
I need help.
More people out there
for you to save.
Hello?
Is anybody there?
I'm trapped in the stop
off marker 65.
Please...
You gotta
be shitting me.
What?
Give that to me.
I repeat... I'm trapped
in the stop off marker 65.
Is there an ad for sunscreen
on the wall?
I don't know.
Is there an ad for sunscreen
on the wall?
Yeah.
Why? How did...
Did Alicia tell you I was here?
She said
you could help me.
You know this girl?
No.
Just a song
I've sung before.
This is what
I've been trying to tell you.
Are you there?
This is what the people
I'm working with can prevent.
You think
this is helping her?
Giving some poor girl hope
you can't deliver on?
You're on your own,
sweetheart.
The sooner
you accept that,
the sooner you'll understand
what you have to do.
I...
I can't kill them.
There's too many.
There's a gun
in there.
Probably on the floor,
toward the back.
Now, can you
see anything?
Yes.
How did you know?
Because I left it there.
We've got more
by the tank.
I couldn't stay
at the convoy.
And we thought
you might want some assistance.
"Want it"?
My friend, we need it.
We're trying
to keep the dead
on that far ridge
from falling in.
You game?
Come on.
There's only one bullet in it.
I know.
I'm sorry.
Don't be.
It's better this way.
You okay?
Who's there?
Name's Wes.
I heard Alicia
on the walkie.
She helped me.
Figured I should
pay it forward.
What happened there
before...
I'm sorry.
But that's no reason
to throw this all away.
We help people.
Come on.
They help people.
Hard to get
bigger than that.
Alicia?
You made it.
I'm glad you're okay.
This is Victor.
I was hoping
you were listening.
I was.
What happened to
"people are people"?
Sometimes they're not.
And... I wasn't gonna just
listen to someone die
over a walkie.
I saw some of the trees
you've been painting.
Oh.
Not bad.
I like
the Phoenix thing.
Told you.
We shouldn't stay.
They'll find me.
Who?
The place I'm from,
there are people there,
people who I couldn't
be with anymore.
I was trying to...
to get out.
That's... That's why
I ended up here.
Well, whoever
these people are,
you're with us now.
They're not gonna
bother you anymore.
Let's go.
Excuse me.
This shit's worse
than a tequila hangover.
Her I recognize
from the movie.
Him?
Not so much.
Well, we couldn't have
cleared the place without them.
They're the people
we helped.
No!
Put the guns down,
Doris.
You heard me.
It's enough of
this horseshit already.
You said
we were gonna take it all.
Yeah.
I did say that.
I thought
we needed to.
You said this would be
the ticket to the Promised Land!
Still could be.
If you
put the guns down.
Okay.
Shit happens.
It makes you
question things.
Then more shit happens,
and you start to doubt
everything you were about.
Some people do,
anyway.
My partner,
Clayton...
he never did.
I may have
burnt his journals,
but it's not gonna snuff out
what he was trying to build.
What we were both
trying to...
No!
- You killed him.
- We had to.
We do this kind of thing
for a reason,
and we don't
do it lightly, ma'am.
A rio revuelto
ganancia de pescadores.
We all know
Logan was a liability.
He couldn't be trusted.
What do you know
about us?
Well, you're not
exactly hermits.
We've been watching you
for a while now.
On and off screen.
We like
what you're doin'.
So much so
we think there's a way
we can all help each other.
The biggest weakness
in your operation
is that
you think too small.
Your convoy works...
mostly.
But "mostly" don't do it,
does it?
Who are you
to tell us how to help people?
Excuse us if we don't
take tips from a killer.
Think of us more like
the pioneers.
- "Pioneers"?
- Yes, sir.
Settlers.
Settling everything,
everywhere.
It's no different
than what you're doing
with your outposts.
Only bigger.
And, if I may,
better.
You know, said the king-sized
catfish to the crappie.
In a hundred years,
people may look back
and think our methods
are ruthless and unkind,
but there will be people
to look back.
We got people everywhere
around these parts.
You help us,
we can help you.
Dwight...
if your wife
is still alive,
we can help you
find her.
And, June...
we can help you find
that sweet little place
you've been looking for.
You two need someplace
to brew, don't you?
We can help you
find that, too.
And we brokered a deal
with Logan
to help us expand
what we've already built...
to power it,
to fuel it.
You help us
keep this place going,
there's no telling
what we can offer each other.
Together.
You can take
that offer
and shove it
straight up your poop chute.
- Sarah...
- She's right.
We just saw what you do
to people who take your deals.
Well, we only eliminate
what is nonessential.
From everything
we've seen,
that doesn't describe
any of you.
We'll take our chances
on our own.
You want the gas?
You cook it yourself.
Leaving us
high and dry
without the very thing
we came here for.
Well, that makes you all
much less essential.
Don't...
Wait.
I can stay.
Let them go.
I'll help you make it.
I know how.
We can
get out of this, Luci.
We've gotten ourselves
out of worse scrapes.
Luci, no.
The journals are gone.
But this way,
we can keep everyone going.
We can
keep you alive.
Now that sounds like
a deal to me.
Give them
a tanker full of gas.
We could do that.
Use it.
Find that place
everyone needs.
And then,
prove these people wrong.
Oh, honey,
I don't see that happenin'.
If y'all change your mind,
do reach out.
At the rate
we're expandin',
you won't have a hard time
findin' us.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org